Docs: Add integration docs and some developer docs (#115)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-ecs-updater: integ/README.md

# Integration tests

The following workflow is how you can use these integration tests
for testing your changes and verifying that new dependencies didn’t break the updater.

> It’s also similar to how the ECS updater MCM works, so it’s useful to go through it and should in total take less than 1 hour.

Reviewer: What's the "ECS updater MCM"?

Reviewer 2: Maybe 
```suggestion
It’s also similar to how we publish the ECS updates, so it’s useful to go through it and should in total take less than 1 hour.
```

> 1. You’ll want to set up a test ECS cluster. 

Reviewer: There should be a blank line after this initial bullet item line, then all content part of 1 should be indented three spaces to make sure it gets formatted properly as item content when rendered.

Thankfully, this is really easy with the existing integration tests setup script:
https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-ecs-updater/blob/develop/integ/setup.sh

```sh
./setup.sh --ami-id ami-05d2e4a6b8399095a
```

This script expects the ami-id of a Bottlerocket ECS variant.

> This will setup an ECS cluster using the integration cloud formation stack

Reviewer: nit: s/cloud formation/CloudFormation/

and using that Bottlerocket ECS variant as EC2 compute.

2. Build an ECS updater image from your changes:

> ```

Reviewer: Same not on indentation, for all following bullet items.
